[Music]
we're on a scalp to 55 today in
beautiful sunny Fort Lauderdale and I
can show you in a moment what is my
favorite thing about scout boats you
ready for this sitting on a seat any one
of the seats you know what they're all
comfortable I just love that they're not
just comfortable these seats are
functional too underneath we've got
storage down here and the gas is this
strut to hold up this hatch also notice
it's completely finished on both sides
here's another thing I love about the
Scouts now look these aren't the world's
cheapest boats but you get what you pay
for look at the detail in the way that
these rod holders on the leaning posts
are finished off that's just gorgeous
look at that cup holders you got
stainless steel no plastic look at the
top to the line well you've got a clear
hatch on friction hinges so it stays up
when you put it up so if you think a
25-foot center console might be right
for you head on over to votes come and
give this boat an eyeball
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters